---
title: Day 06
layout: post
date: Feb 10, 2019
---

**Excerpt**: Continuing to work on form validation in React

**Today's Progress**: Form validation naturally leads to modal forms, so spent some time learning reactstrap modal forms. If you are not aware, you can get the benefits of Bootstrap within ReactJS using one of several libraries that 'bolt' on to ReactJS. I chose reactstrap and have used it as my base style for the Options Tracker application. 

So, today I started coding the reactstrap modal forms for my submit, cancel and delete buttons. I will also be incorporating validation into these sessions in the next day or two.

**Thoughts**: One thing I want to mention is the importance of knowing how functions work. I have to admit, it took me a while to understand how functions work at a basic level, i.e. ability to assign a function to a variable, and related, passing a function as a parameter into the definition of another function for consumption/execution at a later time; more commonly known as a call-back. If you are unfamiliar with these concepts, and only have a rudimentary understanding of functions - that it's a bundle of code that can executed for a return value and assigned, or simple routine, there's much more to it, and vital to your understanding of more advanced concepts and frameworks. 

Please see:

* [Eloguent Javascript Functions section](http://eloquentjavascript.net/03_functions.html)
* [freecodecamp ES6 section](https://learn.freecodecamp.org/javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/es6)
* [freecodecamp Functional Programming](https://learn.freecodecamp.org/javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/functional-programming)
