---
title: Day 19
layout: post
date: Feb 25, 2019
---

**Excerpt**: Have to admit... didn't do a damn thing with my main project. Instead, I started on my personal portfolio project because I wanted so badly to practice the CSS crap I learned in the past couple of days. 

**Today's Progress**: I have half of the freecodecamp personal portfolio page done. Unlike the other projects in the responsive web portion of FCC, the personal portfolio page is actually real-world relevant. Don't get me wrong, the other projects are great at solidifying skills, but there's a sense of "let's get it over with" - ness of those projects to get to the good stuff (JS... React... D3). Hence, it would explain my procrastination at the final project in the Responsive Web Design Cert. I actually want to feel I've earned the certification by doing a decent job. And the most important project, in my opinion, is the personal portfolio.

So I spent most of the day in Codepen.io creating my page and looking up CSS references. Also took some time to read a couple of chapters in Head First Javascript - specifically the Closure section close to the end. These guys do a great job explaining the concept. I have a much better understanding after reading this section. I dare say I can even come up with a code example of Closure!

If you're interested in reading the book (and I highly recommend it), here is the link: [Head First Javascript](https://amzn.to/2EwKmrn)

**Thoughts**: This section is kinda stupid, cause I really give all the thoughts I want to give in the previous section along with progress. 