---
title: Day 04
layout: post
date: Feb 8, 2019
---

**Today's Progress**: Missed a day because I was on the road (driving), and all I wanted to do when I got home at night was to have a beer. Good news is, today I figured out what was wrong with my UW Final project and fixed it. As suspected, I had a .env file that I kept locally on another machine and it contained my Google firebase api key as well as the api key for a stock quoting service I use. Firebase also needed to be initialized, and once all that was place, my application behaved as it did those months ago. I commited a 'level set' to my repository. 

Also blasted through Bootstrap tutorial on Freecodecamp and started jQuery. All review, but good to review, especially the fact that I am using Bootstrap/Reactstrap on my app. 

**Thoughts**: Here is a list of features and cleanup I want to build into my new and improved Options Tracker:

* Use a more reliable stock quote service instead of Alapha Vantage. I will try iex, which has an npm package I can install
* Basic form entry validation, on submit and delete, etc...
* When clicking on any particular row, that row should be highlighted to indicate it has been clicked
* When hovering over the row, the row should highlight a different color from that of selected and other
* Total cash reserve required should be calculated based on open positions, along with actual cash reserve available for trade
* Summary graphs and charts for performance, as well as year in review. 


